document/docs/bulkmessage.md, before:


# Bulk message
Instead of sending the article content on LINE when submitting an article, you can send a LINE message with the content of your choice as a simple text message.
### Usage
Open the "Bulk message" page from the LINE Connect menu.  
<img src="https://blog.shipweb.jp/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/lineconnect-ss-10.jpg" width="320" />  

#### Channel
Select target channel  

#### Type
Specify which user groups to send to.  
- All: Send to all users who are add as friends, regardless of whether they are linked or not.
- Linked: Send to users who are linked to Wordpress among users who are add as friends.
- Roles: Sends to users who belong to a specific role among the users who have linked with Wordpress.
- Users: Send to each user individually. (How to specify users is described below.)

#### Role  
Select which roles to send to users belonging to.   

#### Message
Enter the contents of the LINE message.

### Specify individual users and send
Since you cannot specify individual users to be sent from the Bulk message page, please specify the target users from the User List page.  

#### To only one user
If the "check box" link in the LINE column takes you to the Bulk message page, the user will be selected.   
<img src="https://blog.shipweb.jp/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/%E3%82%B9%E3%82%AF%E3%83%AA%E3%83%BC%E3%83%B3%E3%82%B7%E3%83%A7%E3%83%83%E3%83%88-2023-08-08-23.02.40.png" width="320" />  

#### To multiple users
Check the checkboxes for the target users, select "Send LINE Message" for the batch operation, and click the "Apply" button. 
<img src="https://blog.shipweb.jp/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/lineconnect-ss-bulk-send.png" width="320" />  
The LINE chat screen will open with the checked user selected.  
<img src="https://blog.shipweb.jp/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/lineconnect-ss-13.jpg" width="320" />

Commit message:

### Added Messages saved in the Bulk message screen can now be loaded and used.

document/docs/bulkmessage.md, after:


# Bulk message
Instead of sending the article content on LINE when submitting an article, you can send a LINE message with the content of your choice as a message.  
Messages can be used by creating a new LC message or recalling a saved message.  
### Usage
Open the "Bulk message" page from the LINE Connect menu.  
<img src="https://blog.shipweb.jp/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/lineconnect-ss-10.jpg" width="320" />  

#### Channel
Select target channel  

#### Type
Specify which user groups to send to.  
- All: Send to all users who are add as friends, regardless of whether they are linked or not.
- Linked: Send to users who are linked to Wordpress among users who are add as friends.
- Roles: Sends to users who belong to a specific role among the users who have linked with Wordpress.
- Users: Send to each user individually. (How to specify users is described below.)

#### Role  
Select which roles to send to users belonging to.   

#### Message
In the template selection box, choose whether to create a new message or recall a saved message. If you select a saved message, it will be loaded. You can also modify it if necessary. For more information on LC messages, please see [LC messages](./message.md).

### Specify individual users and send
Since you cannot specify individual users to be sent from the Bulk message page, please specify the target users from the User List page.  

#### To only one user
If the "check box" link in the LINE column takes you to the Bulk message page, the user will be selected.   
<img src="https://blog.shipweb.jp/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/%E3%82%B9%E3%82%AF%E3%83%AA%E3%83%BC%E3%83%B3%E3%82%B7%E3%83%A7%E3%83%83%E3%83%88-2023-08-08-23.02.40.png" width="320" />  

#### To multiple users
Check the checkboxes for the target users, select "Send LINE Message" for the batch operation, and click the "Apply" button. 
<img src="https://blog.shipweb.jp/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/lineconnect-ss-bulk-send.png" width="320" />  
The LINE chat screen will open with the checked user selected.  
<img src="https://blog.shipweb.jp/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/lineconnect-ss-13.jpg" width="320" />
